CASMINST-4325 - adding retry note for rare error during storage node … (#1222)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/Stage_1.md

    > NOTE: You may need to reset the root password for each node after it is rebooted

>     **IMPORTANT:** You may encounter an error like shown below.  If this is the case, just re-run the same command for the node upgrade and it will pick up at that point and conitune.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **IMPORTANT:** You may encounter an error like the one shown below. If this is the case, just re-run the same command for the node upgrade and it will pick up at that point and continue.
```
